# fun feeds
http://xkcd.com/atom.xml comic
https://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/rss comic
https://feeds.feedburner.com/Explosm comic
https://www.davidrevoy.com/feed/rss/categorie2/webcomics/ comic
https://cosmic.voyage/rss.xml comic

# news feeds
http://feeds.bbci.co.uk/news/rss.xml?edition=uk news
https://network23.org/ainriail/feed/ news	
https://theanarchistlibrary.org/feed news
https://tribunemag.co.uk/feed/ news
https://feeds.feedburner.com/TheHackersNews news

# tech feeds
https://www.gamingonlinux.com/article_rss.php tech 
https://www.techradar.com/rss tech
http://ajroach42.com/feed.xml tech
https://www.wired.com/feed/rss tech
https://feeds.feedburner.com/arstechnica/index/ tech
http://www.mondaynote.com/feed/ tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ScottHanselman tech
http://vihart.com/feed tech
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ tech
http://thechangelog.com/rss tech
http://c0de517e.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default tech
https://stallman.org/rss/rss.xml tech
http://esr.ibiblio.org/?feed=rss2 tech
https://kotaku.com/rss tech
https://feeds.hackercodex.com/feeds/main tech
https://linuxunplugged.com/articles/rss tech
https://linuxunplugged.com/rss tech
http://feeds.twit.tv/floss.xml tech
https://n-o-d-e.net/rss/rss.xml tech
http://suckless.org/atom.xml tech
https://pluralistic.net/feed/ tech

# blogs
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml blog
http://blog.stackoverflow.com/feed/ blog
http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/atom.xml blog
https://bunnyman.info/index.xml blog
http://blog.dustinkirkland.com/feeds/posts/default blog 
https://ramonh.dev/blog/feed.xml blog 
https://anneboyer.substack.com/feed blog
https://www.charlieharrington.com/rss.xml blog
https://www.hyperborea.org/journal/feed/ blog
https://cdn.jwz.org/blog/feed/ blog
https://100r.co/links/rss.xml blog
https://spool-five.com/rss.xml blog

# podcasts
http://feeds.frogpants.com/morningstream_feed.xml podcast
https://rss.app/feeds/FvN9XoYqgqaW7vmh.xml podcast
https://notrelated.libsyn.com/rss podcast

# twitter
https://rss.app/feeds/xsUAgXx3ku63EnOU.xml twitter 
https://rss.app/feeds/ZOLFeCQWjo8Ut2CV.xml twitter 

# reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/techwearclothing.rss reddit

# programming
http://coreyms.com/feed/ programming
http://decafbad.net/feed programming
https://nostarch.com/feeds/newbooks.xml programming
https://nostarch.com/feeds/comingsoon.xml programming
https://inkdroid.org/feed.xml programming 
https://computer.rip/rss.xml programming 
https://www.hardill.me.uk/wordpress/feed/ programming 

# books/magazines
https://mwl.io/feed books
https://solar.lowtechmagazine.com/feeds/all-en.atom.xml books

# philosophy
https://bluelabyrinths.com/feed/ philosophy
https://feeds.feedburner.com/typepad/UbBI philosophy
https://habermas-rawls.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss philosophy
https://www.journal-psychoanalysis.eu/feed/ philosophy
https://www.lacan.com/perfumeblog/?feed=rss2 philosophy
https://www.urbanomic.com/feed/ philosophy
https://aeon.co/feed.rss philosophy 
https://www.3ammagazine.com/3am/feed/ philosophy
https://www.jamesrwilliams.net/feed/ philosophy 

# misc
